D:\user\Desktop\C#_final\C#_mediapipe_winform\bin\Debug\C#_mediapipe_winform.exe.config
D:\user\Desktop\C#_final\C#_mediapipe_winform\bin\Debug\C#_mediapipe_winform.exe
D:\user\Desktop\C#_final\C#_mediapipe_winform\bin\Debug\C#_mediapipe_winform.pdb
D:\user\Desktop\C#_final\C#_mediapipe_winform\obj\Debug\C#_mediapipe_winform.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
D:\user\Desktop\C#_final\C#_mediapipe_winform\obj\Debug\C__mediapipe_winform.Form1.resources
D:\user\Desktop\C#_final\C#_mediapipe_winform\obj\Debug\C__mediapipe_winform.Properties.Resources.resources
D:\user\Desktop\C#_final\C#_mediapipe_winform\obj\Debug\C#_mediapipe_winform.csproj.GenerateResource.cache
D:\user\Desktop\C#_final\C#_mediapipe_winform\obj\Debug\C#_mediapipe_winform.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
D:\user\Desktop\C#_final\C#_mediapipe_winform\obj\Debug\C#_mediapipe_winform.exe
D:\user\Desktop\C#_final\C#_mediapipe_winform\obj\Debug\C#_mediapipe_winform.pdb
d:\Users\Xiao\Downloads\C__mediapipe_winform\C#_mediapipe_winform\bin\Debug\C#_mediapipe_winform.exe.config
d:\Users\Xiao\Downloads\C__mediapipe_winform\C#_mediapipe_winform\bin\Debug\C#_mediapipe_winform.exe
d:\Users\Xiao\Downloads\C__mediapipe_winform\C#_mediapipe_winform\bin\Debug\C#_mediapipe_winform.pdb
d:\Users\Xiao\Downloads\C__mediapipe_winform\C#_mediapipe_winform\obj\Debug\C#_mediapipe_winform.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
d:\Users\Xiao\Downloads\C__mediapipe_winform\C#_mediapipe_winform\obj\Debug\C__mediapipe_winform.Form1.resources
d:\Users\Xiao\Downloads\C__mediapipe_winform\C#_mediapipe_winform\obj\Debug\C__mediapipe_winform.Properties.Resources.resources
d:\Users\Xiao\Downloads\C__mediapipe_winform\C#_mediapipe_winform\obj\Debug\C#_mediapipe_winform.csproj.GenerateResource.cache
d:\Users\Xiao\Downloads\C__mediapipe_winform\C#_mediapipe_winform\obj\Debug\C#_mediapipe_winform.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
d:\Users\Xiao\Downloads\C__mediapipe_winform\C#_mediapipe_winform\obj\Debug\C#_mediapipe_winform.exe
d:\Users\Xiao\Downloads\C__mediapipe_winform\C#_mediapipe_winform\obj\Debug\C#_mediapipe_winform.pdb
D:\user\Desktop\C__mediapipe_winform_connect\C#_mediapipe_winform\bin\Debug\C#_mediapipe_winform.exe.config
D:\user\Desktop\C__mediapipe_winform_connect\C#_mediapipe_winform\bin\Debug\C#_mediapipe_winform.exe
D:\user\Desktop\C__mediapipe_winform_connect\C#_mediapipe_winform\bin\Debug\C#_mediapipe_winform.pdb
D:\user\Desktop\C__mediapipe_winform_connect\C#_mediapipe_winform\obj\Debug\C#_mediapipe_winform.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
D:\user\Desktop\C__mediapipe_winform_connect\C#_mediapipe_winform\obj\Debug\C__mediapipe_winform.MultiPlayerForm.resources
D:\user\Desktop\C__mediapipe_winform_connect\C#_mediapipe_winform\obj\Debug\C__mediapipe_winform.MainForm.resources
D:\user\Desktop\C__mediapipe_winform_connect\C#_mediapipe_winform\obj\Debug\C__mediapipe_winform.Properties.Resources.resources
D:\user\Desktop\C__mediapipe_winform_connect\C#_mediapipe_winform\obj\Debug\C#_mediapipe_winform.csproj.GenerateResource.cache
D:\user\Desktop\C__mediapipe_winform_connect\C#_mediapipe_winform\obj\Debug\C#_mediapipe_winform.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
D:\user\Desktop\C__mediapipe_winform_connect\C#_mediapipe_winform\obj\Debug\C#_mediapipe_winform.exe
D:\user\Desktop\C__mediapipe_winform_connect\C#_mediapipe_winform\obj\Debug\C#_mediapipe_winform.pdb
D:\user\Desktop\C__mediapipe_winform_connect\C#_mediapipe_winform\obj\Debug\C__mediapipe_winform.SinglePlayerForm.resources
C:\Users\darmi\OneDrive\文件\C__mediapipe_winform_connect\C__mediapipe_winform_connect\C#_mediapipe_winform\bin\Debug\C#_mediapipe_winform.exe.config
C:\Users\darmi\OneDrive\文件\C__mediapipe_winform_connect\C__mediapipe_winform_connect\C#_mediapipe_winform\bin\Debug\C#_mediapipe_winform.exe
C:\Users\darmi\OneDrive\文件\C__mediapipe_winform_connect\C__mediapipe_winform_connect\C#_mediapipe_winform\bin\Debug\C#_mediapipe_winform.pdb
C:\Users\darmi\OneDrive\文件\C__mediapipe_winform_connect\C__mediapipe_winform_connect\C#_mediapipe_winform\obj\Debug\C#_mediapipe_winform.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\darmi\OneDrive\文件\C__mediapipe_winform_connect\C__mediapipe_winform_connect\C#_mediapipe_winform\obj\Debug\C__mediapipe_winform.SinglePlayerForm.resources
C:\Users\darmi\OneDrive\文件\C__mediapipe_winform_connect\C__mediapipe_winform_connect\C#_mediapipe_winform\obj\Debug\C__mediapipe_winform.MultiPlayerForm.resources
C:\Users\darmi\OneDrive\文件\C__mediapipe_winform_connect\C__mediapipe_winform_connect\C#_mediapipe_winform\obj\Debug\C__mediapipe_winform.MainForm.resources
C:\Users\darmi\OneDrive\文件\C__mediapipe_winform_connect\C__mediapipe_winform_connect\C#_mediapipe_winform\obj\Debug\C__mediapipe_winform.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\darmi\OneDrive\文件\C__mediapipe_winform_connect\C__mediapipe_winform_connect\C#_mediapipe_winform\obj\Debug\C#_mediapipe_winform.csproj.GenerateResource.cache
C:\Users\darmi\OneDrive\文件\C__mediapipe_winform_connect\C__mediapipe_winform_connect\C#_mediapipe_winform\obj\Debug\C#_mediapipe_winform.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
C:\Users\darmi\OneDrive\文件\C__mediapipe_winform_connect\C__mediapipe_winform_connect\C#_mediapipe_winform\obj\Debug\C#_mediapipe_winform.exe
C:\Users\darmi\OneDrive\文件\C__mediapipe_winform_connect\C__mediapipe_winform_connect\C#_mediapipe_winform\obj\Debug\C#_mediapipe_winform.pdb
D:\Users\Xiao\Downloads\C__mediapipe_winform_connect (3)\C__mediapipe_winform_connect\C__mediapipe_winform_connect\C#_mediapipe_winform\bin\Debug\C#_mediapipe_winform.exe.config
D:\Users\Xiao\Downloads\C__mediapipe_winform_connect (3)\C__mediapipe_winform_connect\C__mediapipe_winform_connect\C#_mediapipe_winform\bin\Debug\C#_mediapipe_winform.exe
D:\Users\Xiao\Downloads\C__mediapipe_winform_connect (3)\C__mediapipe_winform_connect\C__mediapipe_winform_connect\C#_mediapipe_winform\bin\Debug\C#_mediapipe_winform.pdb
D:\Users\Xiao\Downloads\C__mediapipe_winform_connect (3)\C__mediapipe_winform_connect\C__mediapipe_winform_connect\C#_mediapipe_winform\obj\Debug\C#_mediapipe_winform.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
D:\Users\Xiao\Downloads\C__mediapipe_winform_connect (3)\C__mediapipe_winform_connect\C__mediapipe_winform_connect\C#_mediapipe_winform\obj\Debug\C__mediapipe_winform.SinglePlayerForm.resources
D:\Users\Xiao\Downloads\C__mediapipe_winform_connect (3)\C__mediapipe_winform_connect\C__mediapipe_winform_connect\C#_mediapipe_winform\obj\Debug\C__mediapipe_winform.MultiPlayerForm.resources
D:\Users\Xiao\Downloads\C__mediapipe_winform_connect (3)\C__mediapipe_winform_connect\C__mediapipe_winform_connect\C#_mediapipe_winform\obj\Debug\C__mediapipe_winform.MainForm.resources
D:\Users\Xiao\Downloads\C__mediapipe_winform_connect (3)\C__mediapipe_winform_connect\C__mediapipe_winform_connect\C#_mediapipe_winform\obj\Debug\C__mediapipe_winform.Properties.Resources.resources
D:\Users\Xiao\Downloads\C__mediapipe_winform_connect (3)\C__mediapipe_winform_connect\C__mediapipe_winform_connect\C#_mediapipe_winform\obj\Debug\C#_mediapipe_winform.csproj.GenerateResource.cache
D:\Users\Xiao\Downloads\C__mediapipe_winform_connect (3)\C__mediapipe_winform_connect\C__mediapipe_winform_connect\C#_mediapipe_winform\obj\Debug\C#_mediapipe_winform.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
D:\Users\Xiao\Downloads\C__mediapipe_winform_connect (3)\C__mediapipe_winform_connect\C__mediapipe_winform_connect\C#_mediapipe_winform\obj\Debug\C#_mediapipe_winform.exe
D:\Users\Xiao\Downloads\C__mediapipe_winform_connect (3)\C__mediapipe_winform_connect\C__mediapipe_winform_connect\C#_mediapipe_winform\obj\Debug\C#_mediapipe_winform.pdb
d:\Users\Xiao\Downloads\C__mediapipe_winform_connect (3)\C__mediapipe_winform_connect\C__mediapipe_winform_connect_0105\C#_mediapipe_winform\bin\Debug\C#_mediapipe_winform.exe.config
d:\Users\Xiao\Downloads\C__mediapipe_winform_connect (3)\C__mediapipe_winform_connect\C__mediapipe_winform_connect_0105\C#_mediapipe_winform\bin\Debug\C#_mediapipe_winform.exe
d:\Users\Xiao\Downloads\C__mediapipe_winform_connect (3)\C__mediapipe_winform_connect\C__mediapipe_winform_connect_0105\C#_mediapipe_winform\bin\Debug\C#_mediapipe_winform.pdb
d:\Users\Xiao\Downloads\C__mediapipe_winform_connect (3)\C__mediapipe_winform_connect\C__mediapipe_winform_connect_0105\C#_mediapipe_winform\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
d:\Users\Xiao\Downloads\C__mediapipe_winform_connect (3)\C__mediapipe_winform_connect\C__mediapipe_winform_connect_0105\C#_mediapipe_winform\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
d:\Users\Xiao\Downloads\C__mediapipe_winform_connect (3)\C__mediapipe_winform_connect\C__mediapipe_winform_connect_0105\C#_mediapipe_winform\obj\Debug\C#_mediapipe_winform.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
d:\Users\Xiao\Downloads\C__mediapipe_winform_connect (3)\C__mediapipe_winform_connect\C__mediapipe_winform_connect_0105\C#_mediapipe_winform\obj\Debug\C__mediapipe_winform.SinglePlayerForm.resources
d:\Users\Xiao\Downloads\C__mediapipe_winform_connect (3)\C__mediapipe_winform_connect\C__mediapipe_winform_connect_0105\C#_mediapipe_winform\obj\Debug\C__mediapipe_winform.MultiPlayerForm.resources
d:\Users\Xiao\Downloads\C__mediapipe_winform_connect (3)\C__mediapipe_winform_connect\C__mediapipe_winform_connect_0105\C#_mediapipe_winform\obj\Debug\C__mediapipe_winform.MainForm.resources
d:\Users\Xiao\Downloads\C__mediapipe_winform_connect (3)\C__mediapipe_winform_connect\C__mediapipe_winform_connect_0105\C#_mediapipe_winform\obj\Debug\C__mediapipe_winform.Properties.Resources.resources
d:\Users\Xiao\Downloads\C__mediapipe_winform_connect (3)\C__mediapipe_winform_connect\C__mediapipe_winform_connect_0105\C#_mediapipe_winform\obj\Debug\C#_mediapipe_winform.csproj.GenerateResource.cache
d:\Users\Xiao\Downloads\C__mediapipe_winform_connect (3)\C__mediapipe_winform_connect\C__mediapipe_winform_connect_0105\C#_mediapipe_winform\obj\Debug\C#_mediapipe_winform.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
d:\Users\Xiao\Downloads\C__mediapipe_winform_connect (3)\C__mediapipe_winform_connect\C__mediapipe_winform_connect_0105\C#_mediapipe_winform\obj\Debug\C#_mediapipe_winform.csproj.CopyComplete
d:\Users\Xiao\Downloads\C__mediapipe_winform_connect (3)\C__mediapipe_winform_connect\C__mediapipe_winform_connect_0105\C#_mediapipe_winform\obj\Debug\C#_mediapipe_winform.exe
d:\Users\Xiao\Downloads\C__mediapipe_winform_connect (3)\C__mediapipe_winform_connect\C__mediapipe_winform_connect_0105\C#_mediapipe_winform\obj\Debug\C#_mediapipe_winform.pdb
D:\user\Downloads\C__mediapipe_winform_connect_0105\C__mediapipe_winform_connect_0105\C#_mediapipe_winform\bin\Debug\C#_mediapipe_winform.exe.config
D:\user\Downloads\C__mediapipe_winform_connect_0105\C__mediapipe_winform_connect_0105\C#_mediapipe_winform\bin\Debug\C#_mediapipe_winform.exe
D:\user\Downloads\C__mediapipe_winform_connect_0105\C__mediapipe_winform_connect_0105\C#_mediapipe_winform\bin\Debug\C#_mediapipe_winform.pdb
D:\user\Downloads\C__mediapipe_winform_connect_0105\C__mediapipe_winform_connect_0105\C#_mediapipe_winform\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
D:\user\Downloads\C__mediapipe_winform_connect_0105\C__mediapipe_winform_connect_0105\C#_mediapipe_winform\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
D:\user\Downloads\C__mediapipe_winform_connect_0105\C__mediapipe_winform_connect_0105\C#_mediapipe_winform\obj\Debug\C#_mediapipe_winform.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
D:\user\Downloads\C__mediapipe_winform_connect_0105\C__mediapipe_winform_connect_0105\C#_mediapipe_winform\obj\Debug\C__mediapipe_winform.SinglePlayerForm.resources
D:\user\Downloads\C__mediapipe_winform_connect_0105\C__mediapipe_winform_connect_0105\C#_mediapipe_winform\obj\Debug\C__mediapipe_winform.MultiPlayerForm.resources
D:\user\Downloads\C__mediapipe_winform_connect_0105\C__mediapipe_winform_connect_0105\C#_mediapipe_winform\obj\Debug\C__mediapipe_winform.MainForm.resources
D:\user\Downloads\C__mediapipe_winform_connect_0105\C__mediapipe_winform_connect_0105\C#_mediapipe_winform\obj\Debug\C__mediapipe_winform.Properties.Resources.resources
D:\user\Downloads\C__mediapipe_winform_connect_0105\C__mediapipe_winform_connect_0105\C#_mediapipe_winform\obj\Debug\C#_mediapipe_winform.csproj.GenerateResource.cache
D:\user\Downloads\C__mediapipe_winform_connect_0105\C__mediapipe_winform_connect_0105\C#_mediapipe_winform\obj\Debug\C#_mediapipe_winform.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
D:\user\Downloads\C__mediapipe_winform_connect_0105\C__mediapipe_winform_connect_0105\C#_mediapipe_winform\obj\Debug\C#_media.8A44ADDC.Up2Date
D:\user\Downloads\C__mediapipe_winform_connect_0105\C__mediapipe_winform_connect_0105\C#_mediapipe_winform\obj\Debug\C#_mediapipe_winform.exe
D:\user\Downloads\C__mediapipe_winform_connect_0105\C__mediapipe_winform_connect_0105\C#_mediapipe_winform\obj\Debug\C#_mediapipe_winform.pdb
D:\user\Downloads\C__mediapipe_winform_connect_0105\C__mediapipe_winform_connect_0105\C#_mediapipe_winform\obj\Debug\C__mediapipe_winform.RecordForm.resources
D:\user\Downloads\C__mediapipe_winform_connect_Final\C__mediapipe_winform_connect_0105\C#_mediapipe_winform\bin\Debug\C#_mediapipe_winform.exe.config
D:\user\Downloads\C__mediapipe_winform_connect_Final\C__mediapipe_winform_connect_0105\C#_mediapipe_winform\bin\Debug\C#_mediapipe_winform.exe
D:\user\Downloads\C__mediapipe_winform_connect_Final\C__mediapipe_winform_connect_0105\C#_mediapipe_winform\bin\Debug\C#_mediapipe_winform.pdb
D:\user\Downloads\C__mediapipe_winform_connect_Final\C__mediapipe_winform_connect_0105\C#_mediapipe_winform\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
D:\user\Downloads\C__mediapipe_winform_connect_Final\C__mediapipe_winform_connect_0105\C#_mediapipe_winform\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
D:\user\Downloads\C__mediapipe_winform_connect_Final\C__mediapipe_winform_connect_0105\C#_mediapipe_winform\obj\Debug\C#_mediapipe_winform.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
D:\user\Downloads\C__mediapipe_winform_connect_Final\C__mediapipe_winform_connect_0105\C#_mediapipe_winform\obj\Debug\C__mediapipe_winform.RecordForm.resources
D:\user\Downloads\C__mediapipe_winform_connect_Final\C__mediapipe_winform_connect_0105\C#_mediapipe_winform\obj\Debug\C__mediapipe_winform.SinglePlayerForm.resources
D:\user\Downloads\C__mediapipe_winform_connect_Final\C__mediapipe_winform_connect_0105\C#_mediapipe_winform\obj\Debug\C__mediapipe_winform.MultiPlayerForm.resources
D:\user\Downloads\C__mediapipe_winform_connect_Final\C__mediapipe_winform_connect_0105\C#_mediapipe_winform\obj\Debug\C__mediapipe_winform.MainForm.resources
D:\user\Downloads\C__mediapipe_winform_connect_Final\C__mediapipe_winform_connect_0105\C#_mediapipe_winform\obj\Debug\C__mediapipe_winform.Properties.Resources.resources
D:\user\Downloads\C__mediapipe_winform_connect_Final\C__mediapipe_winform_connect_0105\C#_mediapipe_winform\obj\Debug\C#_mediapipe_winform.csproj.GenerateResource.cache
D:\user\Downloads\C__mediapipe_winform_connect_Final\C__mediapipe_winform_connect_0105\C#_mediapipe_winform\obj\Debug\C#_mediapipe_winform.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
D:\user\Downloads\C__mediapipe_winform_connect_Final\C__mediapipe_winform_connect_0105\C#_mediapipe_winform\obj\Debug\C#_media.8A44ADDC.Up2Date
D:\user\Downloads\C__mediapipe_winform_connect_Final\C__mediapipe_winform_connect_0105\C#_mediapipe_winform\obj\Debug\C#_mediapipe_winform.exe
D:\user\Downloads\C__mediapipe_winform_connect_Final\C__mediapipe_winform_connect_0105\C#_mediapipe_winform\obj\Debug\C#_mediapipe_winform.pdb
